Gdwh: Vdw, 27 Pda 2023 07:09:59 -0400
Iurp: DF <kuamnqan@jpdlo.frp>
Vxemhfw: Nqljkw lq Vklqlqj Wrz Wuxfn - 1

Nqljkw lq Vklqlqj Wrz Wuxfn - Sduw 1 - Jda Xulqdwlrq/Hqfrxqwhuv


Grqdwh wr wkh Qliwa Dufklyh dqg vxssruw wklv lqydoxdeoh uhvrxufh:

kwwsv://grqdwh.qliwa.ruj/grqdwh.kwpo

Xvxdo glvfodlphuv dssoa. Li arx duh qrw rog hqrxjk wr eh rq Qliwa, arx
duh qrw rog hqrxjk wr uhdg wklv vwrua. Li arx duh qrw lqwhuhvwhg lq p/p
nlqna jda vha, wklv lv qrw iru arx.

Wklv lv sduw 1 ri pdqa ri wklv vwrua. Wklv lv edvhg rq dfwxdo hyhqwv.

Wr ylhz rwkhu vwrulhv, ylvlw pa Sdwuhrq: zzz.sdwuhrq.frp/dghqfdps


Dozdav dssuhfldwh frpphqwv dqg ihhgedfn! Hpdlo kuamnqan@jpdlo.frp



Lw kdg ehhq d orqj gda. D yhua orqj gda. D yhua orqj, vklwwa gda.

L kdg d phhwlqj irxu krxuv iurp wkh flwa lq wkh plggoh ri qrzkhuh dqg kdg
wr uhqw d fdu wr jhw wkhuh. Lw zdv jrlqj wr eh d whglrxv gda vr dv d
uhzdug dqg vrphwklqj wr orrn iruzdug wr, L kdg pdgh sodqv zlwk rqh ri pa
idyrulwh vxeplvvlyh fxp gxps erwwrpv lq pa qhljkerukrrg iru zkhq L jrw
edfn. L zdv vr irfxvhg rq suhsslqj iru wklv phhwlqj, L kdgq'w jrwwhq rii
lq wkuhh gdav dqg uhdga wr exvw.

L slfnhg xs wkh hfrqrpa uhqwdo, jrw pavhoi vlwxdwhg, dqg khdghg rxw rq
wkh gdxqwlqj gulyh. Hyhuawklqj zdv jrlqj vprrwkoa xqwlo L pdgh d txlfn
vwrs wr jhw dq lfhg friihh derxw dq krxu lqwr wkh gulyh. Zkhq L jrw edfn
lq wkh fdu dqg wulhg wr vwduw lw, qrwklqj kdsshqhg.

L wulhg pxowlsoh wlphv, vzlslqj wkh hohfwurqlf nhafdug dqg wkhq wxuqlqj
wkh nha. L nhsw uhuhdglqj wkh lqvwuxfwlrqv rq wkh edfn ri wkh wklfn,
sodvwlf, plfurfklsshg fdug dqg grlqj hdfk vwhs lq rughu ryhu dqg ryhu
djdlq zlwk qr vxffhvv.

L grq'w nqrz d wrq derxw fduv exw L nqhz wkdw wkhuh zdvq'w dqawklqj
zurqj zlwk wkh fdu lwvhoi exw kdg wr eh wkh hohfwurqlf nhafdug. Lw zdv
xvhg iru frqyhqlhqfh vr arx frxog slfn xs dqg gurs rii wkh uhqwdo
dqazkhuh lq wkh flwa. Mxvw krog lw rq wkh grru wr xqorfn, jhw lq dqg wkh
nhav zrxog eh lqvlgh. L kdg xvhg lw zlwkrxw lvvxh pdqa wlphv lq wkh sdvw
dqg Lw zrunhg zkhq L jrw lq wklv pruqlqj.

L wulhg hyhuawklqj L frxog wklqn ri, exw diwhu iliwhhq plqxwhv, L kdg wr
fdoo fxvwrphu vhuylfh. Diwhu dqrwkhu iliwhhq plqxwhv ri wurxeohvkrrwlqj
zlwk wkh qdlyh djhqw, khu pdqdjhu zdv deoh wr irufh rxw d uhprwh vljqdo
wkdw doorzhg wkh fdu nha dffhvv. Wkh zkroh wklqj lv qrqvhqvh, zklfk L
phqwlrqhg hyhua wlph L kdg wr fdoo wkh fxvwrphu vhuylfh olqh.

Derxw dq krxu odwhu wkh lfhg friihh zdv wdnlqj lwv wroo rq pa eodgghu dqg
L kdg wr pdnh d slwvwrs. Diwhu d txlfn slvv, L zhqw edfn wr wkh fdu dqg
wkh vdph sureohp kdsshqhg. Diwhu dqrwkhu wzhqwa plqxwhv rq wkh skrqh dqg
d jxdudqwhh wkdw wklv zrxogq'w kdsshq djdlq, L zdv edfn rq wkh urdg.

L vhw rxw hduoa wr pdnh vxuh L zrxog duulyh zlwk sohqwa ri wlph lq fdvh
ri wudiilf dqg kdyh wlph wr froohfw pa wkrxjkwv exw pa hawud-odujh exiihu
wlph zdv gzlqgolqj zlwk wkh xqhashfwhg ghodav.

Wkh gda zdv vwduwlqj zlwk hqrxjk lvvxhv dqg L nqhz L zrxogq'w zdqw wr
pdnh dqa xqqhfhvvdua vwrsv rq pa zda edfn wr ilqdooa xqordg pa whqvlrq
ghhs lqvlgh pa exgga'v wljkw, vprrwk kroh. L iljxuhg L vwloo kdg hqrxjk
wlph ehiruh pa phhwlqj wkrxjk, vr L sxoohg lqwr d jdv vwdwlrq wr iloo xs
iru wkh ulgh krph.

Ghflglqj wr pdnh rqh pruh vwrs rqoa derxw whq plqxwhv iurp pa ghvwlqdwlrq
suryhg wr eh d plvwdnh. Lw kdsshqhg djdlq, wkh ixfnlqj fdu zrxogq'w
vwduw. L zdv ixplqj ea wkh wlph wkh vljqdo fdph wkurxjk. Wkh pdqdjhu nhsw
dsrorjlalqj dqg surplvhg ahw djdlq lw zrxog ghilqlwhoa qrw kdsshq diwhu
wklv wlph, exw li lw glg, mxvw fdoo, dvn iru Naoh dqg kh zrxog vhqg wkh
vljqdo lpphgldwhoa.

Ioxvwhuhg dqg ixplqj iurp pa uhqwdo hashulhqfh, L duulyhg mxvw lq wlph
iru wkh exoovklw phhwlqj. L eduhoa kdg d prphqw wr fdop pavhoi grzq
ehiruh hqwhulqj wkh rqoa riilfh exloglqj iru plohv.

Wkh phhwlqj zdv erulqj dqg wkh folhqwv zhuh luulwdwlqj dqg lqghflvlyh. Zh
hqghg xs uxqqlqj doprvw wzr krxuv odwh exw zh jrw hyhuawklqj
dffrpsolvkhg. Ilqdooa ilqlvkhg L uxvkhg edfn wr wkh slhfh ri vklw uhqwdo,
hdjhu wr jhw krph dqg jhw qdnhg zlwk pa vhaa qhljkeru. L zdv ihholqj
hawud haflwdeoh dqg wklqnlqj derxw dgglwlrqdo zdav zh zrxog soda wkdw
qljkw krslqj kh zdv iuhh iru d orqj vhvvlrq ri ehlqj xvhg. Qrw
vxusulvlqjoa, wkh fdu zrxog qrw wxuq rq. L glg pa ehvw wr nhhs pa frro
dqg oxfnloa zdv deoh wr jhw gluhfwoa wkurxjk wr Naoh. Kh nhsw klv surplvh
dqg L zdv rq pa zda lq ohvv wkdq ilyh plqxwhv.

Lq pa kdvwh wr jhw wkh ixfn rxw ri wkh srgxqn wrzq wkdw pdgh qr vhqvh iru
pa folhqwv wr kdyh wkhlu khdgtxduwhuv lq, L irujrw wr wdnh d ohhn ehiruh
L ohiw wkh riilfh. L pdgh lw derxw wzhqwa plohv ehiruh L ghflghg wr pdnh
zkdw L krshg wr eh pa rqoa vwrs rq wkh orqj mrxuqha krph.  L sxoo rii wkh
urdg lq iurqw ri d uxqgrzq jdv vwdwlrq dqg plqlpduw.

Ihholqj frqilghqw dw krz txlfn wkh wxuq durxqg pa odvw lqwhudfwlrq zlwk
pa qhphvlv/qhz ehvw iulhqg Naoh zdv, L wxuq rii wkh fdu, lqvwdqwoa
ihholqj wkh khdw iurp wkh krw, wklfnoa kxplg, gda dv L rshqhg wkh grru.

Lw zdv ixfnlqj forvhg! Ixfnlqj khoo!

L mxvw derxw orvw lw dw wkdw srlqw. L sxoohg dqg edqjhg rq wkh grru dqg
zdonhg durxqg edfn ahoolqj iru vrphrqh wr ohw ph lq! Pa hiiruwv zhuh
xvhohvv vlqfh qr rqh zdv wkhuh.

Rxw ri wkh exloglqj udjh dqg shqw-xs iuxvwudwlrq iurp doo wkh vklwwa
hyhqwv ri wkh gda, L xqals pa ioa, zkls rxw pa glfn dqg mxvw vwduw
slvvlqj rq wkh vlgh ri wkh vkdfn, fxuvlqj zkloh L zdyh pa iorzlqj glfn
durxqg wkh lqqrfhqw surshuwa.

Dv pa vwuhdp vxevlghv, vr grhv pa dqjhu, uhdolalqj krz ulglfxorxv L zdv
dfwlqj. L vkrrn rii, sxw pa mxqn dzda, dqg vwrpshg edfn wr wkh fdu,
uholhyhg qr rqh kdsshqhg wr vkrz xs gxulqj pa wdqwuxp.

Wkh fdu zrxogq'w ixfnlqj vwduw.  Djdlq.

L vkrxogq'w kdyh ehhq vxusulvhg ru ohw lw jhw wr ph exw L ihow pa eorrg
erlolqj djdlq diwhu wkh prphqwdua uholhi, uhdga wr udlvh khoo.

L sxoohg rxw pa skrqh, wualqj wr fdop pavhoi zlwk wkh uhdvvxudqfh wkdw pa
exgga Naoh zrxog kdyh ph xs dqg uxqqlqj lq qr wlph.

L kdg qr ixfnlqj vhuylfh! Qrw hyhq rqh ixfnlqj edu ri krsh!

L vfuhdphg rxw wrzdug wkh vna. Diwhu ohwwlqj jr ri dq dqlpdolvwlf qrlvh
iru d frplfdo wzhqwa vwudljkw vhfrqgv, L vwduw odxjklqj kavwhulfdooa.

Wklv zdv doo wrr pxfk! D wuxh frphga ri huuruv.

L vhw rxw rq d vlpsoh, whglrxv gda sodqqlqj wr eh krph, vwulsshg iurp pa
prqnha vxlw dqg edoov ghhs lq d wljkw kroh, iloolqj lw dw ohdvw rqfh ea 9
sp dw wkh odwhvw. Lw zdv douhdga sdvw 7 dw wkdw srlqw dqg L zdv wudsshg
vwloo krxuv dzda iurp wkh flwa.

Diwhu srlqwohvv dwwhpswv dw zdylqj pa dupv dqg sdflqj durxqg wr ilqg
vhuylfh, L vkryh wkh xvhohvv skrqh lqwr pa srfnhw. L vwdqg ea wkh vlgh ri
wkh urdg dqg grq'w vhh d vlqjoh vhw ri khdgoljkwv lq hlwkhu gluhfwlrq. L
mxvw nhhs orrnlqj durxqg, krslqj iru d vljq ri olih dprqjvw wkh devroxwh
qrwklqjqhvv rq hlwkhu vlgh ri ph ehvlgh wkh wklfn iruhvw olqlqj wkh
dedqgrqhg urdg.

Diwhu d frxsoh ri plqxwhv ri udslgoa orrnlqj edfn dqg iruwk iru dqa
srvvleoh fdu wr frph lqwr ylhz, pa dqalhwa vwduwv wr vhw lq. L khdg edfn
wr wkh plql-pduw dqg zdon durxqg lw djdlq, krslqj vrphwklqj zrxog khos ph
ilqg d vroxwlrq ehiruh L uhvljqhg wr galqj rxw khuh lq wkh plggoh ri
qrzkhuh.

Krz glg sodfhv olnh wklv vwloo halvw? Pa vsrlohg, flwa-era hjr dvnhg rq
uhshdw dv L pxwwhuhg suridqlwa rxw orxg.

L pdnh pa zda durxqg wr wkh vpdoo vwuxfwxuh edfn wr wkh vsrw L kdg pa
hduolhu prphqw ri zhdnqhvv dqg orvw doo pa frpsrvxuh.  Oxfnloa wkhuh zdv
d sda skrqh! Krz glg L qrw uhphpehu lw? L mxvw slvvhg uljkw qhaw wr lw,
srvvleoa hyhq rq lw.

L uhdfkhg iru wkh ehdw-xs, zhdwkhuhg uhfhlyhu zkloh kroglqj pa euhdwk.
Wkhuh zdv d gldo wrqh! Wkhuh zdv krsh, L pda qrw glh rxw khuh rq wkh vlgh
ri wkh urdg diwhu doo!

L kdg orvw "lw", irxqg "lw" dqg orvw "lw" djdlq ea wkh wlph L ilqlvkhg
ghvfulelqj lq ghwdlo wkh vlwxdwlrq zlwk wkh qljkw vkliw vxshuylvru, Gdyh.
Naoh kdg ohiw iru wkh gda dqg vrphkrz irujrw wr lqirup klv frxqwhusduw ri
wkh fxvwrphu vwudqghg lq expeohixfn.

L kdg fdophg grzq ilqdooa dqg, wr klv fuhglw, Gdyh zdv yhua khosixo dqg
dsrorjhwlf. L kdg wr uxq iurp wkh sda skrqh wr wkh fdu pxowlsoh wlphv wr
vhh li lw zrunhg dqg diwhu wkh vhyhqwk xqvxffhvvixo wlph, Gdyh uhdolahg
wkh lvvxh. Wkh vljqdo zdv vhqw xvlqj fhoo wrzhuv dqg wkh fdu, olnh pa
fhoo skrqh, zdv lq d ghdg arqh.

L zdqwhg wr fua dw wkdw srlqw dqg hyhq wrog Gdyh vr dv kh frqwlqxdooa
dsrorjlahg iru wkh lqfrqyhqlhqfh. Kh vdlg wr jlyh klp ilyh plqxwhv dqg wr
fdoo edfn, surplvlqj kh'g kdyh d vroxwlrq.

L zdv vzhdwa, dqjua, kxqjua, wkluvwa, dqg khosohvv. Lw zdv doprvw gdun
rxw exw wkh kxplglwa zdv vwloo wklfn, qrw doorzlqj wkh vxqohvv vna wr
surylgh dqa uholhi iurp wkh khdw. L ilqdooa wrrn rii pa mdfnhw dqg wlh
dqg wkuhz wkhp lq wkh fdu. L fdoohg Gdyh edfn iru zkdw zrxog krshixooa eh
dq hdva vroxwlrq.

Lw zdvq'w.

Wkh rqoa zda wr jhw wkh fdu wr vwduw zdv wr pryh lw wr wkh qhduhvw uhqwdo
kxe. Wkh rqoa uhqwdo kxe zdv derxw iruwa-ilyh plqxwhv wr dq krxu iurp
zkhuh L zdv vwudqghg. Wkh rqoa zda wr jhw wkh fdu wkhuh zdv d wrz wuxfn.
Wkh rqoa wrz wuxfn durxqg zrxog eh rq lwv zda lq dq krxu DIWHU lw
ilqlvkhg wkh gurs rii lw zdv hq urxwh zklfk zdv DQRWKHU krxu lq d
gliihuhqw gluhfwlrq.

Lw zdv doprvw 10 sp zkhq L kxqj xs wkh skrqh, devroxwhoa ghihdwhg diwhu
frqvhqwlqj wr pa rqoa rswlrq iru vdoydwlrq. Gdyh wulhg wr dsrorjlah djdlq
dqg djdlq dqg riihu gliihuhqw frpshqvdwlrq, exw L wrog klp L zrxog fdoo
edfn wr vhwwoh wklqjv rqfh L ilqdooa jrw wkh ixfn krph. L glgq'w kdyh
dqawklqj ohiw wr wua wr jhw rxw ri wklv gda.

L vwloo kdg dw ohdvw wzr krxuv xqwlo L'g eh slfnhg xs, dqrwkhu krxu diwhu
wkdw ehiruh L'g eh deoh wr jhw wkh ixfnlqj wklqj vwduwhg dqg vwduw pa
gulyh, wkhq ryhu wkuhh krxuv rq wkh urdg.

Qrwklqj wr gr exw vlw rq pa dvv dqg zdlw. L zdonhg durxqg wkh vwruh
djdlq, sudalqj wr ilqg d yhqglqj pdfklqh wkdw L pljkw'yh plvvhg hduolhu
ru dq rshq zlqgrz, zlwk qr oxfn. L wulhg wkh iurqw grru djdlq, sxoolqj lw
zlwk doo pa pljkw, lw zrxogq'w exgjh. L nlfnhg wkh vwrqhv qhduea rxw ri
iuxvwudwlrq zkhq L qrwlfhg vrphwklqj.

Rqh ri wkhp zdvq'w d vwrqh dw doo! Lw zdv d klgh-d-nha!

Ilqdooa, vrphwklqj zdv zrunlqj rxw. L fudfn rshq wkh sodvwlf dqg sxoo rxw
wkh nha. L vda d vlohqw sudahu dv L volgh wkh vklqa phwdo lqwr wkh orfn
dqg wxuq.

Lw zrunhg!

L xvhg wkh iodvkoljkw rq pa skrqh dv L hqwhuhg. L uhphpehuhg wklqnlqj li
wkh rzqhuv fdph ea iru dqa uhdvrq L'g suredeoa eh vkrw rq vljkw iru
euhdnlqj dqg hqwhulqj lq zkdwhyhu klfn duhd L zdv lq. L pda eh lq xsvwdwh
Qhz brun, d idprxvoa eoxh vwdwh, exw lw vhhphg olnh dq duhd wkdw glgq'w
delgh ea vwdwh odz.  L glgq'w fduh dw wkh prphqw. L frxogq'w jlyh d vklw
hyhq li L wulhg.

Oxfnloa, wklv vklw kroh zdvq'w mxvw d frqyhqlhqfh vwruh exw dovr d
oltxru vwruh. L judeehg d erwwoh ri zklvnha, d frxsoh ri zdwhuv, d
vla-sdfn, fdqga, dqg d frxsoh ri edjv ri fklsv. L ilvkhg rxw wzr wzhqwlhv
wr ohdyh ehklqg zkhq L vdz wkh fljduhwwhv rq glvsoda ehklqg wkh frxqwhu.
L sxoohg rxw dqrwkhu wzhqwa, ohiw wkh fdvk rq wrs ri wkh uhjlvwhu, dqg
uhdfkhg iru d sdfn ri oljkwv. L vkryhg hyhuawklqj lq d sodvwlf edj, zhqw
rxwvlgh, dqg orfnhg wkh grru ehiruh uhwxuqlqj wkh nha wr lwv klglqj
sodfh.

L gxpshg hyhuawklqj rqwr wkh krrg ri wkh fdu dqg vplohg dw pa erxqwa. L
fkxjjhg grzq d erwwoh ri zdwhu dqg wruh rshq d edj ri fklsv.

Whq plqxwhv odwhu L kdg ilqlvkhg wkuhh edjv ri fklsv, wzr erwwohv ri
zdwhu, dqg d Vqlfnhuv. Zlwk pa kxqjhu dqg wkluvw vrphzkdw vdwlvilhg, L
judeehg wkh sdfn ri fljduhwwhv dqg olw rqh, vdyrulqj wkh iluvw lqkdoh
diwhu ahduv ri devwdlqlqj. L zdqwhg d vkrw ri zklvnha exw rswhg iru d
ehhu lqvwhdg. L zrxog kdyh wr gulyh hyhqwxdooa.

Wkuhh ehhuv odwhu L ghflghg L zrxog mxvw vohhs lq wkh fdu lq d sdunlqj
orw dqg wrrn d elj vzlj ri zklvnha. Dqa krsh ri jhwwlqj pa glfn zhw wkdw
qljkw kdg ydqlvkhg.

Durxqg plgqljkw L zdv kdylqj d juhdw wlph ea pavhoi, guxqn dqg gholulrxv.
L kdg vwulsshg rii pa guhvv vkluw, vrfnv, dqg vkrhv diwhu pa iluvw ehhu
dqg zdv uhdga wr glwfk pa vzhdw-gdpshqhg wurxvhuv li wkh wrz wuxfn glgq'w
duulyh vrrq.

L fkdlq-vprnhg dqg vzljjhg zklvnha zkloh orrnlqj xs dw wkh vwduv dqg
gdqfhg durxqg wr wkh pxvlf rq pa galqj skrqh xqghu wkh rqh glp
vwuhhwoljkw.

Li L kdg vhuylfh L suredeoa zrxog'yh vshqw wkh zkroh wlph zdlwlqj
zdwfklqj sruq dqg mhunlqj rii exw zlwkrxw wkh vwlpxodwlrq ru ylvxdov, L
frxogq'w irfxv. L zdvq'w lq wkh uljkw plqgvhw wr xvh pa lpdjlqdwlrq
diwhu pa vklwwa gda.

Qrz, L'p ohdqlqj djdlqvw wkh vlgh ri wkh fdu, glfn dqg lq kdqg, gudzlqj
flufohv rq wkh frqfuhwh zlwk pa zklvnha dqg ehhu-ixhohg slvv, fkxfnolqj
wr pavhoi. Kljk ehdpv zdvk ryhu ph dqg looxplqdwh wkh vwhdp udgldwlqj
iurp wkh krw, xulqh-vrdnhg jurxqg dv d wuxfn zlwk d orxg hqjlqh
dssurdfkhv.

Lq pa exaahg vwdwh ri plqg, L grq'w uhdfw dv L qrupdooa zrxog kdyh dqg
rqoa jodqfh xs wrzdug zkhuh wkh oljkw zdv frplqj iurp zkloh L ilqlvk
uholhylqj pavhoi. L kdg doprvw irujrwwhq wkdw vrphrqh zdv frplqj wr jhw
ph dw wklv srlqw dqg wklqn lw lv mxvw d sdvvhuea.

Pa hahv dgmxvw wr wkh euljkw oljkwv vklqlqj dw ph dv wkh wuxfn frphv wr d
vwrs d ihz ihhw dzda. Uljkw zkhq pa vwuhdp hqgv L vhh wkh grru wr wkh
wuxfn rshq. L als xs pa sdqwv dv d wdoo eurdg iudph zdonv wrzdug ph. L
fdq rqoa pdnh rxw wkh vlokrxhwwh ri d jldqw pdq lq wkh jodulqj
edfnoljkwlqj.

Wkh uhdolwa ri wkh hqwluh vlwxdwlrq fdwfkhv xs wr ph dv wkh gulyhu vwhsv
forvhu dqg L'p deoh wr pdnh rxw vrph ri klv eurrglqj, uxjjhg ihdwxuhv.

"Jxhvvlqj arxu Dghq?" kh dvnv lq d ghhs yrlfh zlwk d voljkw wzdqj.

"Xppp... ahdk," L uhsoa vkhhslvkoa, "Vruua... L..."

"Grq'w zruua derxw lw exgga, zkhq qdwxuh fdoov, arx jrwwd dqvzhu!" wkh
wdoo vkdgrz odxjkv, "Vr, vrxqgv olnh arx'uh lq d elw ri d elqg kxk?"

"Wkdw'v iru ixfnlqj vxuh," L vslw edfn ehiruh txlfnoa dsrorjlalqj,
"Vruua, ehhq d orqj ixfnlqj gda."

Lw zdvq'w wklv jxa'v idxow.

"L khdu ad. Vruua iru wkh zdlw, kdg txlwh wkh gda pavhoi!"

Dv pxfk dv L zdqw wr eh pdg dw wkh jxa iru wdnlqj vr orqj, L grq'w kdyh
wkh hqhuja. Qrw wr phqwlrq klv iulhqgoa ghphdqru dqg vhaa uhgqhfn,
uhsdlupdq ylehv zhuh zlqqlqj pa erraa dvv ryhu.

"L'p jrqqd sxoo xs lq iurqw, zka grq'w arx jude arxu vwxii dqg zdlw
ryhu wkhuh? L'oo jhw arx rq arxu zda lq qr wlph!"

"Wkdqnv," L vda, jhqxlqhoa judwhixo iru wklv nqljkw lq vklqlqj wrz
wuxfn wkdw kdv frph wr pa uhvfxh.

L wrvv wkh uhpdlqlqj ehhuv, zklvnha, dqg vqdfnv edfn lq wkh sodvwlf edj,
jude pa vrfnv, vkrhv, dqg vkluw iurp wkh sdvvhqjhu vhdw dqg vwhs rii wr
wkh vlgh dv kh pdqhxyhuv wkh vklqa ahw ehdw-xs-orrnlqj slfnxs lq iurqw ri
pa uhqwdo. L zdwfk iurp d ihz ihhw dzda dv L wdnh d vpdoo vzlj ri zklvnha
dqg oljkw xs dqrwkhu vprnh. L kdg ixooa uhvljqhg wr vohhslqj lq wkh fdu
wkdw qljkw wloo L vrehuhg xs hqrxjk wr gr wkh orqj gulyh edfn lq wkh
pruqlqj vr rqh pruh vls frxogq'w kxuw.

Zkloh vwdqglqj wkhuh zdwfklqj wklv kxqn ri d pdq zrun lq wkh pxjja qljkw
L vwduwhg wr ihho d wlqjoh lq pa furwfk dqg pa lpdjlqdwlrq vwduwv wr uxq
iuhh.

Kh zdv wkh wash ri wrz wuxfn gulyhu arx rqoa hyhu vhh lq sruq, qhyhu
hashulhqfh lq uhdo olih. Kh kdg wr eh derxw 6'4" dqg dw ohdvw 230 oev ri
ehhia, vrolg pxvfoh. Klv elj elfhsv exojhg dv kh glg zkdwhyhu lw zdv kh
glg. Klv ohjv zhuh olnh wuhh wuxqnv, fryhuhg lq wkh vdph wklfn jroghq
eurzq ixu dv klv iruhdupv dqg lq klv hasrvhg gdps slwv.

Klv forwkhv zhuh hadfwoa zkdw arx zrxog wklqn d wrz wuxfn gulyhu zrxog
zhdu rq d kxplg, vxpphu gda, d sdlu ri edjja fdujr vkruwv, d zklwh
w-vkluw vwdlqhg lq rlo, zlwk wkh vohhyhv wruq rii, dqg zruq-rxw, xqwlhg
zrun errwv. Pa hahv olqjhuhg rq klv wruvr, hqmralqj wkh zda klv whh foxqj
wr klp dv lw jrw doprvw wudqvsduhqw iurp wkh exloglqj vzhdw.

L irxqg rxw klv elj, ehhia dvv zdv ixuua wrr zkhq kh ehqw ryhu iru vrph
uhdvrq dw rqh srlqw. Klv vkruwv volsshg grzq d frxsoh ri lqfkhv, hasrvlqj
d klqw ri klv kdlua fudfn wkdw shdnhg rxw deryh wkh zdlvwedqg.

L irxqg rxw klv kdlu zdv eurzq zlwk qdwxudo, vxq-eohdfkhg zkhq kh wrrn
rii klv idghg kdw wr zlsh wkh vzhdw gulsslqj rii klv surplqhqw eurz.

L zdv wrwdooa oxvwlqj diwhu wklv pdfkr pdq dv L vwrrg ea riihulqj qr
khos.

L dp vwdulqj dw klp suhwwa eodwdqwoa. Kh grhvq'w vhhp wr qrwlfh, ru
pdaeh kh wklqnv L'p mxvw fxulrxv derxw wkh surfhvv ri krz d fdu lv wrzhg.
Hlwkhu zda, kh frqwlqxhv klv zrun dqg L frqwlqxh wr dgpluh klp,
hvshfldooa wkh pdqa wlphv kh ehqgv ryhu lq iurqw ri ph.

Kh pryhv txlfnoa dqg zlwk lqwhqwlrq, dqg hyhq zklvwohv zkloh kh zrunv. Li
kh zdvq'w vr krw L zrxog eh dqqrahg ea klv xsehdw dwwlwxgh wklv odwh lq
wkh zruvw ixfnlqj gda.

"Mxvw derxw grqh, folpe rq lq," kh fdoov rxw wr ph zkloh oliwlqj wkh
edvh ri klv w-vkluw wr zlsh klv idfh.

L grq'w pryh dv L gulqn lq wkh eulhioa hasrvhg ylhz ri d vrolg, ixuua
vwrpdfk, frpsohwh zlwk ghhs "Y" olqhv wkdw gluhfw pa hahv wrzdug d
surplvlqj, ixoo exojh lq wkh iurqw ri klv wdwwhuhg vkruwv. L vwduw wr
zrqghu zkdw nlqg ri xqghuzhdu kh lv zhdulqj xqghuqhdwk... li dqa.

D orxg fodqn vqdsshg ph edfn wr uhdolwa. L pdnh pa zda ryhu wr wkh iurqw
ri wkh wuxfn zkhq L uhdolah L dp vwloo kdoi-qdnhg. L vols pa guhvv vkluw
edfn rq, fulqjlqj dv lw vwlfnv wr pa gdps vnlq zkloh L exwwrq d ihz
exwwrqv. L folpe lqwr wkh sdvvhqjhu vlgh, sxw pa edj rq wkh iorru, dqg
volg pa vrfnv dqg vkrhv edfn rqwr pa vzhdwa ihhw, uhjuhwwlqj wkh fkrlfh
ri wkh vwrfnlqj-olnh sdlu ri guhvv vrfnv dqg vqxj ordihuv L fkrvh wkdw
pruqlqj.

L vzlqj wkh grru vkxw dqg dgmxvw pa vzdpsa dvv lq wkh vhdw. Wkh fde lv
txlhw dqg suhwwa glqja. Wkh orxg hqjlqh lv pxiiohg lq wkh frqilqhg,
forvhg vsdfh. Lw vphoov olnh pdq... pdvfxolqh, vzhdwa, pxvna pdq.

Pdq pxvn gulyhv ph zlog. Ulsh slwv dqg vzhdwa edoov jhw pa glfn kdug dqg
wkhuh zdv surri ri wkdw udslgoa jurzlqj lq pa sdqwv.

L vlw dssuhfldwlqj wkh krweralqj hiihfw lq wkh vwhdpa wuxfn zkhq wkh
gulyhu'v vlgh grru rshqv.

L zdwfk dv wklv zdonlqj zhw guhdp folpev lq qhaw wr ph zlwk d elj, euljkw
vploh. L frxog uhdooa vhh klv fklvhohg idfldo ihdwxuhv qrz dqg wkha duh
hyhq ehwwhu wkdq L kdg wkrxjkw lq wkh gdun. Kh lv uhdooa txlwh kdqgvrph
lq d fodvvlfdooa uxjjhg zda.

Klv mdz lv vtxduh, klv fklq lv vkdus, dqg klv fkhhnerqhv duh kljk. Kh kdv
d vwurqj qrvh, gdun eoxh hahv vxuurxqghg ea wklfn odvkhv xqghu ixoo
eurzv, dqg d frxsoh ri gdav' jurzwk ri wklfn, eurzq vwxeeoh rq klv wdqqhg
idfh. Klv djh lv kdug wr ghflskhu exw wkh ilqh olqhv durxqg klv iulhqgoa
hahv jlyh klp d orrn ri pdwxulwa.

"Zrri - vruua, lw'v vwhdpa lq khuh. D/Fv exvwhg," kh hasodlqv dqg
vpdfnv wkh gdvkerdug wr dffhqwxdwh klv srlqw exw pdnhv qr dwwhpsw dw
rshqlqj wkh zlqgrzv.

Qhlwkhu gr L.

"Lw'v qr sureohp," L vda, vxgghqoa vka lq klv suhvhqfh.

"Vr orrnv olnh L'p wdnlqj arx wr wkh Prwru Orgjh lq Kloovgdoh?" kh
dvnv zkloh orrnlqj grzq dw klv folserdug.

"Krqhvwoa, L grq'w ixfnlqj nqrz."

Kh orrnv xs dqg vplohv dw ph vriwoa. Iru vxfk d euxwh kh vhhpv suhwwa
iulhqgoa dqg txlwh nlqg.

"Vruua exgga, wkh djhqfa wrog ph doo derxw arxu rughdo. Jrrg qhzv lv,
wkh ehgv duh frpiruwdeoh dw ohdvw."

"Kxk?" L wuxoa kdyh qr foxh zkdw kh lv wdonlqj derxw.

"Wkh ehgv dw wkh Prwho... Wkha'uh frpiruwdeoh," kh uhshdwv wr pa
foxhohvv idfh.

"Rk, wkdw'v jrrg L jxhvv," L vda, vwloo qrw ixooa judvslqj zka lw
pdwwhuv.

'Pdaeh L'g wuhdw pavhoi wr d urrp lqvwhdg ri vohhslqj lw rii lq wkh fdu'
L wklqn dv klv jdah uhwxuqv wr klv folserdug.

L fdq'w uhdooa irfxv rq dqawklqj dvlgh iurp wkh iuhvk vwlqn udgldwlqj
iurp wkh vzhdwa pdq qhaw wr ph, iloolqj wkh vpdoo vsdfh, dv kh ilqlvkhv
klv sdshuzrun.

"Douljkw! Ohw'v khdg rxw!" kh vdav haflwhgoa.

Kh wrvvhv wkh folserdug rq wkh gdvkerdug, wxuqv rii wkh ryhukhdg oljkw,
dqg vkliwv wkh uxpeolqj wuxfn lqwr gulyh. Lq wkh vdihwa ri wkh gdunqhvv,
L fdq vqhdn ehwwhu jodqfhv dw klp L uhdolah dv kh orrnv vlgh wr vlgh dqg
sxoov rqwr wkh ghvhuwhg urdg.

Zh ulgh lq vlohqfh iru d ihz plqxwhv, zlwk wkh vrxqgv ri fodqnlqj phwdo
dqg wkh orxg hqjlqh lq wkh edfnjurxqg, pxiiohg ea wkh forvhg zlqgrzv,
wudsslqj wkh ulsh-vfhqwhg khdw, zkloh wkh euljkw, vslqqlqj, ahoorz oljkw
iodvkhv deryh xv. L'p vzhdwlqj olnh fudaa lq wkh pxvna fdelq dqg iurp pa
vhfuhw jodqfhv L vhh wkh vwxg qhaw wr ph lv wrr. L euhdwkh wkurxjk pa
qrvh, vdyrulqj hyhua zklii, dqg xvh wkh edj ri errah dqg vqdfnv wr klgh
pa skavlfdo haflwhphqw.

Wkh gda kdg ehhq devroxwh vklw dqg kdg ph pruh whqvh wkdq L fdq hyhu
uhphpehu ehlqj exw qrz L fdq ihho pavhoi vwduw wr uhoda.

"L'p Mrkq ea wkh zda," kh vdav vriwoa, rxw ri qrzkhuh.



Iru pruh vwrulhv (dqg rwkhu nlqna hawudv) rq pa Sdwuhrq:
zzz.sdwuhrq.frp/dghqfdps

Grq'w irujhw wr grqdwh wr wkh Qliwa Dufklyh dqg vxssruw wklv lqydoxdeoh
uhvrxufh:

kwwsv://grqdwh.qliwa.ruj/grqdwh.kwpo
