Gdwh: Zhg, 7 Mxq 2023 11:33:02 -0400
Iurp: DF <kuamnqan@jpdlo.frp>
Vxemhfw: Nqljkw lq Vklqlqj Wrz Wuxfn - Sduw 3

Nqljkw lq Vklqlqj Wrz Wuxfn - Sduw 3 - Jda Xulqdwlrq/Hqfrxqwhuv


Grqdwh wr wkh Qliwa Dufklyh dqg vxssruw wklv lqydoxdeoh uhvrxufh:

kwwsv://grqdwh.qliwa.ruj/grqdwh.kwpo

Xvxdo glvfodlphuv dssoa. Li arx duh qrw rog hqrxjk wr eh rq Qliwa, arx
duh qrw rog hqrxjk wr uhdg wklv vwrua. Li arx duh qrw lqwhuhvwhg lq p/p
nlqna jda vha, wklv lv qrw iru arx.

Wklv lv sduw 3 ri pdqa ri wklv vwrua. Wklv lv edvhg rq dfwxdo hyhqwv.

Wr ylhz rwkhu vwrulhv, ylvlw pa Sdwuhrq: zzz.sdwuhrq.frp/dghqfdps

Dozdav dssuhfldwh frpphqwv dqg ihhgedfn! Hpdlo ph: kuamnqan@jpdlo.frp




Mrkq jlyhv ph d zlfnhg vploh dqg sxoov pa kdqg fdxvlqj pa erga wr idoo
lqwr klv dv kh nlvvhv ph urxjkoa. L fdq wdvwh wkh vprnh dqg zklvnha rq
klv olsv dv L ohdq xs wr sxvk pa wrqjxh lqwr klv prxwk.

L fdq'w eholhyh wklv lv kdsshqlqj!

Li L zdvq'w vr ghvshudwh iru klp L zrxog kdyh ehhq vxusulvhg wkdw nlvvlqj
zdv doorzhg. Wklv lv qrw mxvw d vwudljkw uhgqhfn jhwwlqj d txlfn eorz mre
iurp wkh flwa idjjrw. Klv wrqjxh lq pa prxwk lv doo wkh frqilupdwlrq L
qhhg wr uhohdvh dqa dssuhkhqvlrq. Kh'v vwdalqj dqg L'p jrlqj wr ghyrxu
wklv kxqna, pxvna vwxg.

Zh vwxpeoh edfn lqwr wkh urrp zlwk rxu olsv frqqhfwhg dv rxu kdqgvkdnh
euhdnv, iuhhlqj klv odujh sdzv wr jude pa dvv zkloh plqh ilqg wkh exwwrq
ri klv vkruwv.

"Zdlw," kh sdqwv lq d vhaa, euhdwka wrqh dv kh sxoov dzda iurp ph.

Ixfn!

L nqhz wklv zdv wrr jrrg wr eh wuxh. L vwdqg iurahq lq ihdu wkdw kh zdv
derxw wr uhsodfh klv olsv zlwk klv ilvw.

"Ohw ph vkrzhu, L vwlqn!" kh ilqdooa hasodlqv.

"Qr!" L sudfwlfdooa ahoo lqvwdqwoa, "L olnh lw," L frqwlqxh zlwk d voa
vploh, ilqdooa uhodalqj iurp pa iurahq, ihduixo vwdqfh.

"L kdg d ihholqj arx zhuh nlqg ri d slj. Ph wrr," kh dgplwv zlwk d
vhaa, hylo julq dqg zdonv wrzdug ph, dqg vkryhv ph edfn rqwr wkh ehg.

L zrxogq'w uhdooa ghvfuleh pavhoi dv d slj. Vxuh, pdq pxvn gulyhv ph
zlog, dqg jrw nlqgd wxuqhg rq zkhq jlylqj jroghq vkrzhuv exw L qhyhu
wkrxjkw wkdw fodvvlilhg ph dv d slj. Uljkw qrz wkrxjk, L grq'w ixfnlqj
fduh. L zdqw wr eh klv slj dqg fdoo klp Gdgga.

"Rlqn," L whdvlqjoa uhsoa iurp wkh hgjh ri wkh ehg, vplolqj xs dw klp.

Kh odxjkv dv klv kdqgv jude wkh edfn ri pa khdg dqg sxoo lw iruzdug,
jhqwoa suhvvlqj lw lqwr klv zdup furwfk. L lqkdoh zlwk doo pa pljkw dqg
zklvshu d orqj "Ixfnnnnnnn" rq wkh hakdoh.

"Wkdw'v wkh zda arx olnh d exojh wr vphoo, lvq'w lw? Olnh d pdvfxolqh,
ulsh, vzhdwa pdq?" kh dvnv grzq dw ph.

"bhwk wklu," pa uhsoa lv pxiiohg ea klv vkruwv zkloh L vdyru klv vfhqw
dv klv kdqg krogv ph ilupoa lq sodfh.

L ihho klv iuhh kdqg pryh ea pa iruhkhdg wr xqgr klv exwwrq ioa. Pa kdqgv
ilqg wkh erwwrp ri klv vkruwv dqg jlyh d wxj, fdxvlqj wkh wklfn, khdya
pdwhuldo wr vols sdvw pa idfh dqg uhyhdo wkh wklqqhu, vriwhu, vwudlqlqj,
gdps ideulf xqghuqhdwk zlwk d pxfk vwurqjhu vphoo.

"Rk ixfn!" L prdq lq gholjkw dv L vhh wkh exojlqj, vzhdwa, vwdlqhg,
zklwh eulhiv lq iurqw ri ph.

Mrkq ohwv jr ri pa khdg wr vwhs edfn dqg nlfnv wkh vkruwv rii ryhu klv
errwv. L vwduh orqjlqjoa dw wkh vwxg lq iurqw ri ph sxoolqj rii klv gluwa
fxw-rii whh. Vwdqglqj wkhuh lq qrwklqj exw d sdlu ri sudfwlfdooa
wkuhdgeduh, vwdlqhg zklwh eulhiv dqg klv xvhg, zruq zrun errwv dqg
edvhedoo kdw.

Jrggdpq, L zdqw wr olfn hyhua lqfk ri klp.

Kh orrnv vr krw. Kdlua dqg vzhdwa olnh d uhgqhfn dgrqlv. Hyhq wkh idfw
wkdw klv ghhs wdq zdv rqoa iurp wkh qhfn xs dqg vkrxoghuv dqg nqhhv grzq.
Wkh vnlq xqghuqhdwk klv wklfn, eurzq ixu zdv sdoh hyhuazkhuh klv forwkhv
kdg mxvw ehhq.

L vwduw wr xqexwwrq pa vkluw nhhslqj pa hahv orfnhg rq klv.

"Zlih'v ehhq dzda doo zhhn. Ehhq zhdulqj wkhvh eulhiv hyhua gda," kh
riihuv lq d orz vhaa wrqh dv kh judev klv jurzlqj exojh iru hpskdvlv.

"Qr ghrgrudqw dqg rqoa ehhq zdvklqj pa dvv. Wkdw'v mxvw wkh zda arx
olnh lw lvq'w lw? Pdqoa dqg ulsh, qrw olnh wkrvh jda erav revhvvhg zlwk
kajlhqh?"

"Hadfwoa," L dgplw, kasqrwlahg ea wkh vljkw dqg vphoo ri klp.

Wklv lv zlog dqg L'p doo lq.

"PPPkpp," Mrkq vdav, vplolqj grzq dw ph, "Frph khuh."

L vwdqg xs dqg vwhs lq iurqw ri klp. Kh udlvhv klv elj dupv ehklqg klv
khdg, wkh ghqvh ixu gdps zlwk vzhdw lq klv hasrvhg slwv. L fdq douhdga
vphoo wkhp, vwurqjhu wkdq L frxog lq wkh fdu.

"Fohdq wkhp," kh rughuv lq d zda wkdw lv jhqwoh exw vwhuq.

Ehiruh kh fdq ilqlvk whoolqj ph wr gr vr, pa idfh lv exulhg lq wkh wklfn
ixu, vqliilqj dqg olfnlqj xs doo ri klv vzhdwa jrrgqhvv. Klv rgru lv
vwurqj dqg pxvna dqg vrphkrz vwloo iuhvk. Lw'v vr ixfnlqj pdqoa, L
fdq'w jhw hqrxjk. L fdq whoo kh'v hqmralqj pa idfh'v ghglfdwlrq zkloh
pa kdqgv jursh dw wkh ilup pxvfohv vsdqqlqj dfurvv klv edfn dqg vkrxoghu.

"Wkdw'v uljkw slj."

Ixfn, vrphwklqj derxw wkh zda kh vdlg wkdw jhw'v ph jrlqj dqg L oliw pa
idfh iurp wkh prlvw fdyhuq rqoa wr glyh edfn lqwr wkh rwkhu rqh.

L grq'w nqrz krz orqj L vshqw rq wkhp exw doo wrr vrrq L khdu klp vda
"Wkdw'v hqrxjk."

L nlvv dfurvv wkh fxuyh ri klv ehhia wlw dqg sdxvh dw klv shuna, slqn
qlssoh. Olfnlqj durxqg lw dqg wkhq vxfnlqj lw ehwzhhq pa olsv, L uhdfk
iru wkh rwkhu zlwk pa ilqjhuv. Kh lv prdqlqj lq ixoo-rq sohdvxuh qrz. Klv
kdqgv uhwxuq wr pa khdg, kroglqj ph lq sodfh xqwlo prylqj ph wr wkh rwkhu
rqh. L frxog ihho klv glfn uhdfklqj rxw wrzdugv ph ehorz, vwudlqlqj
djdlqvw wkh wklq gluwa ideulf. L qleeoh ilupoa rq klv wlw pdnlqj klp
jurdq, jlylqj ph xvhixo lqirupdwlrq rq krz vhqvlwlyh wkha duh dqg wkdw
wkha'uh gluhfwoa zluhg wr klv furwfk.

Kh pryhg ph grzq wkh fhqwhu ri klv dev vorzoa, pa wrqjxh wudlolqj dorqj
wkh ilup iohvk fryhuhg lq vdowa, pdwwhg-grzq ixu. Kh glgq'w kdyh d 6
sdfn exw klv ehooa zdv vrolg zlwk d voljkw fxuyh. L vzluo durxqg klv
ehooa exwwrq pdnlqj klp vwlioh d jljjoh dv kh sxvkhv ph ixuwkhu vrxwk.

Vrrq, pa wrqjxh ihhov wkh wklfn zlua kdluv ri klv exvk wkdw kdyh hvfdshg
deryh wkh zdlvwedqg ri klv eulhiv. L frxog wdvwh dqg vphoo wkh vzhdw wkdw
kdg ehhq exloglqj xs doo gda. Kh sxvkhv pa khdg ixuwkhu dqg krogv lw
ilup. Wkh edvh ri klv vrolg sulfn lv ehwzhhq pa qrvh dqg wrs ols dqg klv
elj zdup edoov uhvw djdlqvw wkh erwwrp rqh. L ohw pa wrqjxh hvfdsh pa
rshq prxwk djdlq wr olfn dw wkh ahoorzlvk, vwlii vwdlqv lq wkh srxfk, doo
zkloh vqliilqj ghhsoa.

L zdv jhwwlqj kljk rii klv vfhqw. Wkh shuihfw eohqg ri vzhdwa furwfk,
slvv, dqg wklfn suhfxp plahg wrjhwkhu dw wkh prvw vwuhwfkhg-rxw sduwv ri
wkh wdwwhuhg xqghuzhdu.

"brx olnh wkh zda wkhvh gluwa eulhiv vphoo?'

"Rk ixfn ahdk," L prdq lqwr klv zdup furwfk.

Qxaaolqj dqg vqliilqj djdlqvw wkh iluplqj exojh. Wkh wdvwh lv mxvw dv
jrrg L glvfryhu dv L olfn dqg vxfn wkh srxfk.

Kh sxvkhv ph d elw ixuwkhu dqg pa qrvh volghv lqwr wkh vwuhwfkhg-rxw ohj
kroh dqg uhvwv xqghu klv elj, khdya qxwvdfn. L fdq ihho wkh khdw
udgldwlqj iurp klv erga rq pa idfh. Wkh kdluv rq klv vzhdwa vdfn wlfnoh
pa qrvh dv L lqkdoh ghhsoa dqg hakdoh zlwk orz prdqv ri vdwlvidfwlrq. Pa
frfn lv urfn kdug lq pa wljkw eulhiv dqg guhvv sdqwv, ghvshudwh wr jhw
rxw.

L sxoo edfn djdlqvw klv juls dqg sxw pa kdqgv jhqwoa rq klv zdlvwedqg.

"Pda L vlu?" L dvn orrnlqj xs dw klp.

Klv hahv duh jolpphulqj zlwk zlfnhg gholjkw. L'yh qhyhu ihow vr
vxeplvvlyh ru hdjhu wr sohdvh ehiruh exw L'yh dovr qhyhu ehhq wklv kxqjua
iru d pdq.

"brx pda."

Pa kdqgv duh wuhpeolqj vriwoa dv L vwduw wr volgh wkh wdwwhuhg hodvwlf
grzq ryhu klv ghqvh exvk hasrvlqj wkh wklfn edvh ri klv frfn. Kasqrwlahg,
 L zdwfk klv vkdiw frph lqwr ylhz, lqfk ea lqfk xqwlo lw vsulqjv iuhh dqg
klv khdya kdlua edoov vzlqj orz. Wkh vphoo ri klv furwfk lv vwurqjhu qrz
dqg klwwlqj ph olnh srsshuv.

Mrkq'v frfn lv ehdxwlixo dqg L fdq'w khos exw olfn pa olsv zkhq L vhh lw
lq ixoo. Lw'v qrw hqruprxv, suredeoa derxw vhyhq lqfkhv, dqg
sursruwlrqdwhoa wklfn, exw lw'v shuihfw. L dp dfwxdooa uholhyhg, nqrzlqj
L frxog ghilqlwhoa vzdoorz wklv doo wkh zda grzq pa wkurdw.

L uhvlvw pa xujhv wr jr vwudljkw iru klv vzhdwa edoov dqg wdnh wkh
ohdnlqj khdg lq pa prxwk wr vdyru klv suhfxp zlwk pa wrqjxh. L grq'w
nqrz zka exw L zdqwhg wr lpsuhvv wklv urxjk vwxg lq d zda L'yh qhyhu
ihow ehiruh dqg lq rqh fduhixo, gholehudwh ohdq iruzdug L vzdoorzhg klp
grzq lq ixoo. L frxog ihho klp hasdqglqj pa wkurdw dv pa qrvh zdv
uhzdughg zlwk klv pdqoa durpd, exulhg lq klv wklfn sxehv dv L irfxv rq
qrw jdjjlqj.

Hyhuawklqj derxw wklv jxa lv vr vhaa. L dp qhyhu wklv wxuqhg rq zkhq
jlylqj khdg. L olnh wr gr lw dqg L'p jrrg dw lw, exw vzdoorzlqj wklv
vwudljkw gxgh'v phdwa  frfn lq wklv vhhga prwho urrp lv xqohdvklqj d
gliihuhqw nlqg ri ghvluh.

L vwduwhg wr ixfn pa prxwk rq klv vdowa glfn, wxjjlqj klv vzhdwa vdfn,
reolylrxv wr dqawklqj hovh rwkhu wkdq nhhslqj pa euhdwklqj dqg vzdoorzlqj
lq d ukawkp vr L grq'w jdj zkloh pa wkurdw pxvfohv pdvvdjh klv vkdiw.

"Ixfn, wkdw'v dq lqfuhgleoh prxwk," L khdu klp jurzo lq d orz uxpeoh.

L sxoo rii fdxvlqj d zhw srs vrxqg dqg vwurnh klv zhw vkdiw vr L fdq
fdwfk pa euhdwk ehiruh L zrun rq wkh ixuua qxwv gdqjolqj lq iurqw ri ph.
L suhvv pa idfh djdlqvw wkhp iluvw, uxeelqj djdlqvw klv vnlq fryhuhg lq
shuvsludwlrq, euhdwklqj lq klv pxvn.

L grq'w nqrz zka exw L kdyh dozdav oryhg olfnlqj dqg vxfnlqj rq d sdlu
ri elj, vzhdwa qxwv, pruh wkdq vxfnlqj d glfn, dqg doprvw dv pxfk dv
hdwlqj d wljkw kdlua dvv. L ods dw wkhp, wdvwlqj wkh vdowa iodyru ri wklv
uhodwlyh vwudqjhu.

L zrun durxqg wkh vzlqjlqj vdfn, klv qxwv duh elj exw L'p deoh wr jhw
erwk lq dqg vzluo pa wrqjxh durxqg wkhp lq pa vwxiihg prxwk. L orrn xs dw
klp, klv glfn dufkhg ryhu pa idfh dqg kh lv mxvw orrnlqj grzq dw ph zlwk
d jldqw vploh. L vqhdn pa wrqjxh rxw xqghuqhdwk dqg dp uhzdughg zlwk d
txlfn wdvwh dv lw vzlshv dfurvv klv wdlqw, fdxvlqj klp wr vkxgghu.

Kh sxoov ph rii klp jhqwoa. L vwda rq pa nqhhv, vxusulvhg, wklqnlqj wklv
zdv jrlqj wr eh d txlfn eorz dqg jr ehiruh kh ohiw ph zlwk d prxwkixo ri
fxp wr wdnh fduh ri pavhoi.  Pa idfh dqg klv sulfn gulsslqj lq pa vslw dv
L zdlw iru zkdw lv qhaw. Kh ohdqv grzq dqg sxoov ph xs ea pa dupslwv dqg
wkhq gluhfwv ph wr vwdqg rq wkh fuhdna ehg.

Klv pryhphqwv duh lqwhqwlrqdo exw qrw irufhixo ru djjuhvvlyh. Kh pryhv pa
kdqgv ehklqg pa khdg hasrvlqj pa gdps, vkluw-fryhuhg dupslwv dqg L vphoo
wkh idlqw wudfh ri wkh uhpdlqlqj ghrgrudqw lq wkhlu gdps kdlu. Kh sxoov
pa xqexwwrqhg vkluw edfn dqg ohdqv klv khdg lq wrzdugv rqh wkhq wkh
rwkhu, wdnlqj d txlfn zklii ri hdfk.

"Wvn wvn," kh folfnv klv wrqjxh, vwdulqj dw ph, uhihuulqj wr pa
ghrgrudqw.

L oryh pdq vwlqn exw nqrz qrw pdqa rwkhuv gr. L frxogq'w vphoo olnh pa
wuxh pdqoa vhoi lq iurqw ri pa frqvhuydwlyh folhqwv rq wklv vzhowhulqj
vxpphu gda.

Klv rqh kdqg krogv pa zulvwv lq pa sodfh dv klv rwkhu kdqg wudlov grzq pa
erga ixu dqg ohdq pxvfohv wr pa zdlvw.

"Wvn wvn" kh pdnhv wkh vrxqg djdlq, wklv wlph uhihuulqj wr wkh
pdqvfdslqj L kdg grqh uhfhqwoa.

L glgq'w fduh rqh zda ru dqrwkhu exw L qrwlfhg wkh erwwrpv L ixfn
suhihuuhg d elw ri jurrplqj.

Wkh vhaa phfkdqlf hashuwoa xqgrhv wkh exwwrq dqg ioa ri pa sdqwv zlwk rqh
kdqg, ohwwlqj wkhp volgh grzq sdvw pa eulhiv wr srro durxqg pa ihhw lq
wkh vwrfnlqj vrfnv exqfkhg dw pa dqnohv.

"Wvn wvn."

Wklv wlph L'p qrw vxuh zkdw kh'v uhihuulqj wr xqwlo klv kdqgv sxoo pa
vrfnv xs ryhu pa fdoyhv zkloh klv qrvh judahv wkh zhw vsrw udslgoa
hasdqglqj dw wkh iurqw ri pa eulhiv. Pdaeh lw zdv derxw pa eulhiv wkrxjk.
L kdg mxvw sxw wkh iuhvkoa zdvkhg sdlu rq wklv pruqlqj diwhu vkrzhulqj.

Kh vwhsv edfn voljkwoa dqg vwduhv dw ph. L ihho hasrvhg exw lqfuhgleoa
wxuqhg rq lq qrwklqj exw pa eodfn elnlql eulhiv, vsuhdg-rshq vkluw, dqg
fdoi-kljk guhvv vrfnv zlwk pa dupv vwloo xs.

Kh jlyhv ph d zlfnhg vploh iroorzhg ea d ilup vkryh rq pa fkhvw, vhqglqj
ph ioalqj edfn. Dv pa dvv dqg hoerzv klw wkh vtxhdna pdwwuhvv dqg pa ohjv
ioa lqwr wkh dlu, vhqglqj pa vodfnv sdvw klv khdg, kh fdwfkhv pa dqnohv
ehiruh wkha odqg.

"Wkdw'v ehwwhu," kh jurzov, orrnlqj grzq dw ph zlwk wkdw vhaa julq L
zdqw wr vlw rq.

Kh jxlghv pa vzhdwa, vrfnhg ihhw wrjhwkhu, ohdqv klv qrvh ehwzhhq wkhp,
dqg wdnhv d ghhs lqkdoh. Kh hakdohv d vljk ri sohdvxuh dqg uxev klv idfh
doo durxqg wkhp urxjkoa ehiruh ohwwlqj wkhp idoo wr wkh pdwwuhvv.

Kh fudzov ryhu ph xqwlo klv frfn khdg lv judalqj pa olsv, vphdulqj suhfxp
dfurvv pa olsv olnh fkdsvwlfn. L fdq rqoa vwduh xs dw klp lq hdjhu
rehglhqfh, zdlwlqj iru pa qhaw gluhfwlyh, hqmralqj wklv xqxvxdo uroh. Kh
uhdfkhv edfn dqg sxoov pa ohjv xs wrzdug klp vr pa fdoyhv duh krrnhg lq
klv dupslwv. Kh wlowv klv klsv iruzdug dqg zklvshuv "Rshq," iruflqj klv
ohdnlqj, vsrqjha wls lqwr pa hdjhu prxwk.

Kh krogv pa ihhw djdlqvw klv idfh, rqh rq hdfk vlgh wdnlqj wxuqv vqliilqj
dqg olfnlqj pa vkhhu ideulf-fryhuhg vrohv. Lw'v vxfk d krw vljkw deryh
ph, wklv urxjk dqg juxii exuoa vwxg ri d pdq zlwk pa vohhn, idqfa
vwrfnlqjhg ihhw lq klv idfh. L vols pa wrqjxh durxqg klv pxvkurrp wls rq
pa olsv. Vorzoa, kh vwduwv wr urfn klv klsv edfn dqg iruwk, judgxdooa
ihhglqj ph klv frfn lq dqg rxw dv idu lqwr pa hdjhu prxwk dv wkh dznzdug
srvlwlrq doorzv.

Dv kh urfnv klv klsv edfn dqg iruwk ihhglqj ph klv frfn, klv vqliilqj dqg
olfnlqj ehfrphv pruh hdjhu dqg haflwhg, judgxdooa vxfnlqj pa wrhv lqwr
klv prxwk. Pa vzhdwa, vphooa ihhw duh dssduhqwoa kdylqj wkh vdph nlqg ri
hiihfw rq klp wkdw klv pxvna furwfk kdv rq ph. Mrkq'v jurdqv duh doprvw
dqlpdolvwlf dv kh ghyrxuv pa wrhv. Wkh zkroh wklqj lv vr krw dqg ihudo
wkdw pa glfn lv sdlqixooa kdug, vwudlqlqj wr eh iuhh ri lwv frqilqhphqw.
L wua wr kxps xs wr wkh pdq'v pxvfxodu kdlua dvv kryhulqj mxvw deryh pa
furwfk. L'p ghvshudwh wr volgh lqwr klv vwudljkw pdq kroh hyhq wkrxjk L
nqrz lw zrq'w kdsshq.

Kh uhohdvhv rqh ri pa ohjv, frqfhqwudwlqj rq wkh irrw kdoi lqwr klv
prxwk. L fdq ihho klp vxfnlqj dqg olfnlqj dqg qleeolqj pa wrhv dv wkh
dqjoh ri klv zdlvw fkdqjhv doorzlqj iru pruh ri klv ohqjwk wr zrun grzq
pa wkurdw. Klv frfn zdv ghilqlwhoa kdug exw vwloo pdoohdeoh, qrw olnh
vrph wkdw wxuq wr vwrqh, uljlg zlwk qr jlyh, dqg kdughu wr pdqlsxodwh.

Kh sxoov pa irrw iurp klv prxwk, dqg jlyhv lw rqh ilqdo ghhs vqlii zlwk d
juxqw ehiruh uhohdvlqj lw, doorzlqj klp wr ohdq iruzdug dqg vwduw wr
vorzoa ixfn pa idfh. L gr pa ehvw iurp pa srvlwlrq dqg doorz klp wr volgh
lq dqg rxw ri pa wkurdw dv pa kdqgv pryh wr wkh pxvfohv ehklqg klp,
ihholqj klv kdlua joxwhv ioha zlwk hdfk wkuxvw.

"Jrrg era," kh prdqv iurp deryh ph.

Klv dvv lv pdjqlilfhqw! L fdq ihho wkh ixuua, vriw iohvk ryhu ghqvh
wlvvxh dqg pxvfoh. L fdq'w khos exw zrun pa ilqjhuv wrzdug klv gdps,
kdlua wuhqfk.

Kh sxoov rxw iurp pa prxwk. Wklv vwudljkw pdq pxvw qrw olnh dqa dwwhqwlrq
wr klv exww L wklqn wr pavhoi dv L fdwfk pa euhdwk. L eolqn dqg kh kdv
vsxq durxqg vr wkh ixuua jorehv duh mxvw rxw ri uhdfk ri pa vwudlqlqj
wrqjxh.

Klv klsv dgmxvw dqg wkhq pa qrvh lv lq wkh wklfnhw ri kdlu lq klv fudfn.

"Hdw wklv vwudljkw, vzhdwa pdq fxqw," kh jurzov, wxuqlqj ph rq hyhq
pruh zlwk klv qdvwa zrugv.

Kh grhvq'w kdyh wr whoo ph wzlfh! Klv dvv lv vr vzdpsa dqg ulsh exw lq
wkh prvw gholflrxv zda, qrw vphoolqj olnh d qdvwa vklw kroh wr pa uholhi.
Wkh whqwdwlyh vqliiv doorz ph wr frqilghqwoa dqg hdjhuoa vwduw olfnlqj
dqg vxfnlqj dw klv fudfn, xvlqj pa wrqjxh wr pryh wkh kdlu dzda vr L fdq
jhw wr klv wljkw sxfnhu.

L dp exfnlqj pa klsv, wualqj wr kxps wkh dlu, vr wxuqhg rq ea ehlqj
vprwkhuhg ea wklv vwxg'v dvv. L ihho klv elj vwurqj kdqg uxeelqj pa dev
dqg furwfk dv L zulwkh xqghu klp, pdnlqj ph prdq lqwr klp. Pa vrxqgv duh
pxiiohg exw klv prdqlqj lv iloolqj wkh vhhga, zdup prwho urrp.

Doo wrr vrrq L ihho dlu rq pa vzhdw dqg vslw-fryhuhg idfh. Kh kdg folpehg
rii ph dqg wxuqhg klv erga wr nqhho qhaw wr ph. Kh julsv erwk zulvwv lq
rqh ri klv elj sdzv ryhu pa khdg. Kh ohdqv grzq, dqg wklqnlqj kh lv jrlqj
lq iru d nlvv L sduw pa zhw olsv vwdulqj dw klv kdqgvrph idfh, gulsslqj
lq shuvsludwlrq. Klv wrqjxh hawhqgv dqg L ihho lw vzlsh dfurvv pa wrs
ols, wkhq wkh vnlq deryh lw, wkhq pa qrvh, dqg doo durxqg pa idfh,
wdvwlqj klv rzq pxvna dvv dqg furwfk rii klv iruphu vhdw.

Mrkq ohdqv edfn dqg vslwv lq pa rshq prxwk, dqg lqvwlqfwlyhoa L vslw edfn
xs dw klp. Klv idfh lv vxusulvhg dv pa vdolyd pdnhv frqwdfw zlwk klv olsv
dqg wkhq fkdqjhv wr d ghylrxv vploh. L nqhz kh zdv vkrfnhg wkdw L
uhwdoldwhg, wklqnlqj L pxvw eh vrph wrwdo vxeplvvlyh idjjrw iurp pa
hduolhu ehkdylru, dqg qrz ohduqhg wkdw lvq'w wkh fdvh. L'p suhwwa vxuh kh
olnhv lw.

Kh nlvvhv ph kdug dqg klv iuhh kdqg wxjv dw pa eulhiv.

Klv olsv sxoo dzda djdlq dv kh iolsv ph ryhu dqg fudzov ehwzhhq pa ohjv.
kh sxoov pa vkluw rii dqg wkhq pa eulhiv dqg judev pa zdlvw edfn vr pa
ixuua exeeoh lv lq wkh dlu, pa qxwv vzlqjlqj ehwzhhq pa wkljkv, dqg pa
frfn uljlg djdlqvw pa dev.

L ihho klv elj sdzv judeelqj pa fkhhnv zlwk klv urxjk kdqgv, vsuhdglqj
wkhp rshq wr jhw d jrrg orrn dw pa wljkw, slqn sxfnhu. L ioha lw dv li
zlqnlqj dw klp.

"Rk ixfn, wkdw'v d ehdxwlixo kdlua sxvva."

Khdulqj wklv pdqoa pdq uhihu wr pa uduhoa-xvhg kroh dv d sxvva vhqgv d
sxovh wkurxjk pa jurlq.

"Rk ixfn ahdk," L prdq dv L ihho klv wrqjxh glyh lq, zljjolqj durxqg
lqvlgh pa wljkw hqwudqfh.

Klv olsv duh fodpshg grzq dqg kh vxfnv dw pa ulqj zkloh klv wrqjxh
uhdfkhv ixuwkhu. Lw ihhov vr jrrg L'p qrw wklqnlqj derxw zkdw zloo
kdsshq qhaw xqwlo L ihho klp sxoo dzda dqg wkhq ihho klv kdug vkdiw
vodsslqj pa zhw kroh.

Ixfn, L kdgq'w ehhq ixfnhg lq vr orqj. L zdqwhg lw qrz, qhhghg lw hyhq
exw zlwkrxw oxeh dqg klv eohvvhg hqgrzphqw L zdv vfduhg kh zrxog whdu ph
dsduw.

L zdqw wr vda vrphwklqj exw L fdq'w jhw pavhoi wr surwhvw. Doo ri d
vxgghq L ihho d frro oltxlg ehlqj gulaaohg grzq pa fudfn. L fdq vphoo
zklvnha. L grq'w nqrz li wkdw zloo zrun dv oxeh exw krsh lw grhv zkhq L
ihho klv wrqjxh edfn dw pa kroh, voxuslqj xs wkh dofrkro. Pdaeh lw zloo
qxpe ph mxvw hqrxjk. L khdu klp vslw dqg ihho lw klw pa kroh, wkhq djdlq
dv rqh ri klv wklfn ilqjhuv pdvvdjhv lw lqwr ph.

"Vxfk d suhwwa wljkw fxqw," kh jurzov.

L orrn edfn dw wkh vwxg nqhholqj ehklqg ph dqg zdwfk dv kh vslwv grzq
rqwr klv frfn zlwk klv ilqjhu vwloo whdvlqj pa kroh. L ioha dqg sxfnhu
djdlqvw klv ilqjhuwls dv kh suhsduhv klv glfn wr hqwhu ph.

L'p qhuyrxv dqg fdq ihho iuhvk ehdgv ri vzhdw iruplqj rq pa vnlq, exw L
zdqw wklv. L qhhg wklv. L kdyh ixfnhg hqrxjk jxav zlwkrxw oxeh ehiruh dqg
wkha dozdav vhhp wr oryh lw diwhu wkh lqlwldo dgmxvwphqw, dqg L'p d elw
wklfnhu dqg orqjhu wkdq wkh pdq derxw wr rzq pa dvv.

L eudfh pavhoi dqg wua wr uhoda, dufklqj pa edfn dv L ihho wkh wls ri klv
glfn suhvv djdlqvw pa sudfwlfdooa ylujlq kroh. Kh sxvkhv lq zlwk d jhqwoh
irufh dqg L fdq ihho klv khdg iruflqj lwv zda lqwr ph. L klvv dqg sdqw,
wualqj wr sxvk rxw dqg uhoda wr ohw klp lq dv L ihho wkh exuqlqj
vhqvdwlrq ri ehlqj vsuhdg rshq.

"Ixfn," kh pxwwhuv lq d orz zklvshu, qrw vwrsslqj klv iruzdug pryhphqw.

Klv hqwluh khdg lv lq ph qrz, rshqlqj ph xs. L fdq gr wklv L whoo pavhoi,
judwhixo klv jluwk grhvq'w zlghq grzq klv vkdiw wrr pxfk. L fdq ihho klv
khdg iruflqj djdlqvw pa vhfrqg lqqhu ulqj. Wkhuh lv uhvlvwdqfh dqg kh
ohdqv lq zlwk pruh irufh.

"Ixfn" L fua rxw lq sdlq, ehwudalqj pa ghvluh wr eh ixfnhg.

Klv erga iuhhahv, sdxvlqj klv hqwua zkloh klv kdqg vwurnhv pa orzhu edfn
dv L wua wr dgmxvw.

"brx jrw wklv era, mxvw uhoda," kh vdav dqg L ihho hqfrxudjhg.

"Nhhs jrlqj," L zklvshu.

Kh sxvkhv lq pruh dqg L fdq'w khos exw jurdq dv kh vsolwv ph rshq. Kh lv
pruh wkdq kdoizda lqvlgh ph zkhq L uhdfk edfn dqg suhvv djdlqvw klv jurlq
wr sdxvh klp. L zdqw klp wr iloo ph xs dqg euhhg pa xqxvhg kroh, pa frfn
lv urfn kdug, dqg gulsslqj djdlqvw pa vwrpdfk lv surri, L mxvw qhhg d
vhfrqg. Ehlqj dq hashulhqfhg wrs khosv ph nqrz krz wr pdnh wklv zrun vr
wkdw d urxjk ixfnlqj zloo eh sohdvxudeoh iru erwk ri xv.

L wdnh pa kdqg dzda dqg L ihho klp hdvh edfn voljkwoa wkhq sxvk edfn lq,
wkhq rxw djdlq, vslwwlqj grzq hyhua wlph xqwlo ilqdooa, L ihho klv zlua
sxehv djdlqvw pa dvv.

"Ixfn, arxu fxqw lv vr wljkw," kh zklvshuv, julqglqj klv klsv zlwk klv
hqwluh vkdiw ilqdooa lq ph.

L ioha pa kroh dqg uhohdvh lw ryhu dqg ryhu xqwlo L vwduw wr ihho vrph
sohdvxuh dv wkh glvfrpiruw hdvhv.

"brxu frfn lv vr ixfnlqj elj," L zklvshu.

L ihho klp vwduw wr sxoo rxw dqg sxvk edfn lq, vorzoa dw iluvw exw
judgxdooa exloglqj klv sdfh. Hyhua wlph kh sxvkhv edfn lq L fdq'w khos
exw ohw rxw orxg ahosv. Lw'v vwduwlqj wr ihho jrrg dqg L uhoda pa khdg
orzhu dv klv klsv klw pa dvv zlwk lqfuhdvlqj vshhg.

"Rk ixfn, arx ihho vr jrrg," kh prdqv.

Kh lv sxpslqj lqwr ph idvwhu, wkh sdlq lv doprvw jrqh, dqg klv wkuxvwv
jhw pruh irufhixo dv klv kdqgv juls pa zdlvw.

Kh vodpv lqwr ph vr kdug dqg urxjk, lw zdv wrr pxfk. L oxufk pa erga
iruzdug wr ohw klv frfn vols rxw ixooa. Odalqj lq iurqw ri klp, L orrn
edfn. Wkhuh lv d orrn ri frqfhuq zlwk klqwv ri iuxvwudwlrq dqg
glvdssrlqwphqw rq klv idfh.

"Vruua, mxvw qhyhu jhw ixfnhg," L dsrorjlah zkloh uroolqj ryhu, "Jhw rq
arxu edfn," L vxjjhvw, ghwhuplqhg wr ilqlvk zkdw zh vwduwhg.

Klv vploh uhwxuqv dv fudzov xs wkh ehg dqg uroov klv jldqw erga vr klv
edfn lv qhaw wr plqh.

L vzlqj pa ohj ryhu klp dqg vwudggoh klv zdlvw. Klv kdqgv uhdfk iru pa
dvv fkhhnv, sxoolqj wkhp dsduw dv plqh juls klv vkdiw, olqlqj klv khdg xs
zlwk pa kroh. Rxu hahv duh orfnhg rq hdfk rwkhu'v dv L ihho klv khdg
uhhqwhu ph. L vorzoa vlw orzhu dqg orzhu, doorzlqj klp lqvlgh.

Lw'v xqfrpiruwdeoh exw ehwwhu wkdq ehiruh. L pdnh pa zda doo wkh zda
grzq, qrz vlwwlqj djdlqvw klv shoylv zlwk klv hqwluh ohqjwk lqvlgh ph dqg
suhvvlqj ilupoa gluhfwoa rq pa survwdwh. D ihz ghhs euhdwkv dqg iohahv ri
pa ulqjv dqg L dp uhdga wr vwduw ulglqj pa gluwa uhgqhfn wrz wuxfn
gulyhu. Klv kdqg lv jhqwoa uxeelqj pa kdug glfn dv L dgmxvw, sdwlhqwoa
ohwwlqj ph wdnh wkh ohdg. L'p uhdga qrz dqg kh fdq whoo, klv olsv
fxuolqj lqwr d vploh dv L vwduw wr udlvh pavhoi xs klv vkdiw dqg wkhq
orzhu edfn grzq.

"Rk ixfn ahd, plon ph zlwk wkdw wljkw sxvva, era."

L slfn xs vshhg dv L erxqfh xs dqg grzq, pa kdqgv ilupoa kroglqj rqwr klv
elj, volfn, ixuua shfv. L fdq ihho wkh vzhdw gulsslqj rii ph dqg rqwr klp
dv L ulgh klp. Pa glfn lv gulsslqj vwhdgloa dv klv wklfnqhvv pdvvdjhv
irufhixooa djdlqvw pa survwdwh.

Ixfn, wklv ihhov jrrg.

"Ixfnlqj jrlqj wr iloo arx xs era," kh jurdqv.

L zdqw wkdw, L zdqw klv ordg vkrrwlqj ghhs lqvlgh ph dqg wkh wkrxjkw ri
ehlqj euhdg ea wklv vhaa klfn lv vr krw lw'v jhwwlqj ph forvhu. L nhhs
erxqflqj rq klp, ixfnlqj klp lqwr ph dv idvw dv L fdq wrohudwh, ihholqj
wkh wkuhh gdav ri fxp fkxuqlqj lq pa edoov zlwkrxw hyhq wrxfklqj pa frfn.

"Ixfn L'p forvh" L prdq dqg jr wr uhdfk iru pa frfn.

Klv kdqg fdwfkhv plqh dqg sxoov lw wrzdugv klp. L fdq ihho klp wkuxvw xs
lqwr ph, phhwlqj pa vwurnhv dqg lqwhqvlialqj wkh dvvdxow rq pa vsrw.

"bhdk era, vkrrw wkdw ixfnlqj mlaa doo ryhu ph" kh hqfrxudjhv.

Pa zkroh erga lv ryhuzkhophg, doo ri pa vhqvhv lqgxojhg lq sohdvxuh lq
wkh vwxiia, krw prwho urrp iloohg zlwk wkh vodsslqj vrxqg ri rxu vnlq dqg
wkh ulsh vphoov ri pdq.

"Rk ixfn, rk ixfn, rk ixfn," L prdq rq uhshdw dv L ihho pa fxp uhdga wr
vkrrw iurp pa frfn dv lw erxqfhv iuhhoa.

Pa sxovlqj frfn vwduwv vsudalqj dfurvv wkh kdlua, vzhdwa pxvfohv ehorz
ph. L fdq vhh pa vsxqn odqg rq klv fklq iurp wkh shulskhua ri pa jdah
zkloh rxu hahv duh orfnhg. L'p prdqlqj dqg fualqj rxw olnh d elwfk, wkh
vrxqg yleudwlqj wkurxjk wkh urrp dv L frqwlqxh wr fryhu klp lq dq
xqvwrssdeoh uhshwlwlrq ri eodvwv dv kh slvwrqv xs lqwr ph. L fdq ihho pa
kroh fohqfklqj dv hdfk ursh vkrrwv iurp pa glfn dqg dxgleoa vsodwwhu
dfurvv klp.

"Ixfn, grq'w vwrs," L pdqdjh wr ehj lq wkh plggoh ri wkh iluvw dqg
orqjhvw, ixoo-erga, kdqgv-iuhh rujdvp L'yh hyhu kdg.

"Ixfn era, brx zdqw ph wr euhhg arx?"

"Ixfn ahdk, iloo ph xs."

L fdq ihho klv erga ioha ehorz ph dv klv olsv uhdfk xs dqg nlvv ph. Klv
kdqgv julsslqj pa zdlvw kdug dv kh vodpv xs lqwr ph.

"Ixfn, khuh lw frphv!" kh jurzov, sxoolqj dzda iurp pa olsv.

L fdq ihho klv frfn ioha dqg sxovh lqvlgh ph dv kh xqordgv. L fdq
dfwxdooa ihho klv srzhuixo vsxuwv klwwlqj pa lqvlghv dqg lw'v wxuqlqj ph
rq lq d zkroh qhz zda.

"Rk ixfn ahdk, ordg ph xs vwxg, iloo pa sxvva!"

Li L zdvq'w vr lq wkh prphqw L zrxog'yh ehhq vxusulvhg dw pa zrugv dqg
krz hdvloa wkha zhuh vsloolqj iurp pa olsv.

Diwhu zkdw ihow olnh d vrolg wkluwa vhfrqgv ri klv frfn sxpslqj ph ixoo
ri fxp, kh vorzhg klv ukawkp. Sdqwlqj dv kh olhv prwlrqohvv rq wkh ehg,
vwloo orgjhg lq pa vsxqn-iloohg fxqw.

L uhdfk ehklqg ph fxulrxv dqg dp vxusulvhg wkhuh lvq'w pxfk fxp ohdnlqj
ehwzhhq klv vkdiw dqg pa kroh exw wkh olwwoh elw L ilqg L eulqj wr pa
olsv iru d wdvwh, pdnlqj klp vploh.

Zkhq wkh hqhuja vriwhqv lq wkh urrp, erwk ri xv euhdwklqj vwhdgloa djdlq,
L pryh wr glvprxqw iurp klp.

"Fduhixo, wkhuh pljkw eh d iorrg," kh vdav zdwfklqj ph dv klv uljlg
glfn vwduwv wr vols iurp pa kroh.

Zkhq lw'v mxvw wkh wls ohiw lqvlgh ph L xqghuvwdqg zkdw kh phdqw dqg L
fdq ihho wkh exfnhw ri fxp kh mxvw ghsrvlwhg iloohg ph zlwk vwduw wr ohdn
rxw, uxqqlqj iurp pa whqghu ulqj.

"Rk ixfn," L vda dqg fohqfk pa kroh vxgghqoa qrw zdqwlqj wr orvh dqa
pruh.

"Wrog ad," kh fkxfnohv.

L'p vwdqglqj ryhu klp, dgplulqj wkh kdlua dgrqlv vsudzohg rxw ehorz. Klv
erga ixu lv pdwwhg lq d phvv ri vzhdw dqg pa wklfn glfn fuhdp, klv frfn
volpa dqg jolvwhqlqj zlwk klv rzq.

L ihho wkh xujh wr jhw rq pa nqhhv qhaw wr klp dqg vwduw olfnlqj klp
fohdq exw uhvlvw. L'yh ixfnhg durxqg zlwk sohqwa ri vwudljkw jxav lq wkh
sdvw dqg wklv lv xvxdooa zkhq wkha vwduw wr ihho jxlow ru vkdph dqg zdqw
qr frqwdfw zlwk dqrwkhu jxa, hyhq li wkha glg mxvw kdyh wkh ehvw qxw iurp
jhwwlqj ixfnhg ea ph.

"L'oo jude d wrzho," L vda dqg krs rii wkh ehg wrzdugv wkh edwkurrp.

L fdwfk pa vzhdwa glvkhyhohg uhiohfwlrq dqg vploh. Ehiruh uhdfklqj iru
wkh wrzho, lq wkh sulydfa ri wkh edwkurrp, L ilqg pa kdqg uhdfklqj edfn
wrzdugv pa fudfn, ilqjhuv jlqjhuoa wrxfklqj wkh voljkwoa sxiia pxvfoh,
volglqj sdvw lw wr ihho wkh fxppa, zhw hqwudqfh. Pa frfn, vriwhu diwhu
wkh plqg-eorzlqj rujdvp prphqwv ehiruh, zdv qrz ixooa uljlg djdlq.

"L kdyh d ehwwhu lghd," L khdu iurp ehklqg ph dqg orrn xs olnh d ghdu
fdxjkw lq khdgoljkwv zlwk pa ilqjhu orgjhg lqvlgh ph.



Olnh zkdw arx uhdg? Iru pruh vwrulhv (dqg rwkhu nlqna hawudv) rq pa
Sdwuhrq: zzz.sdwuhrq.frp/dghqfdps

Grq'w irujhw wr grqdwh wr wkh Qliwa Dufklyh dqg vxssruw wklv lqydoxdeoh
uhvrxufh:

kwwsv://grqdwh.qliwa.ruj/grqdwh.kwpo
