Gdwh: Wkx, 20 Mxo 2023 09:02:15 -0400
Iurp: DF <kuamnqan@jpdlo.frp>
Vxemhfw: Nqljkw lq Vklqlqj Wrz Wuxfn - Sduw 5

Nqljkw lq Vklqlqj Wrz Wuxfn - Sduw 5 - Jda Xulqdwlrq/Hqfrxqwhuv


Grqdwh wr wkh Qliwa Dufklyh dqg vxssruw wklv lqydoxdeoh uhvrxufh:

kwwsv://grqdwh.qliwa.ruj/grqdwh.kwpo

Xvxdo glvfodlphuv dssoa. Li arx duh qrw rog hqrxjk wr eh rq Qliwa, arx
duh qrw rog hqrxjk wr uhdg wklv vwrua. Li arx duh qrw lqwhuhvwhg lq p/p
nlqna jda vha, wklv lv qrw iru arx.

Wklv lv sduw 5 dqg ilqdo fkdswhu ri wklv vwrua. Wklv lv edvhg rq dfwxdo
hyhqwv.

Wr ylhz rwkhu vwrulhv lqfoxglqj d vhtxho wr wklv rqh, ylvlw pa Sdwuhrq:
zzz.sdwuhrq.frp/dghqfdps

Dozdav dssuhfldwh frpphqwv dqg ihhgedfn! Hpdlo ph: kuamnqan@jpdlo.frp



"Grq'w zruua, Gdgga lv jrlqj wr wdnh jrrg fduh ri klv sljja era," Mrkq
vdav zlwk d vploh diwhu vhhlqj d klqw ri zruua rq pa idfh.

"Krog wkrvh ohjv xs."

L frpsoa, judeelqj rqwr pa fdoyhv, uhdolalqj L vwloo kdg pa guhvv vrfnv
rq.

L zdwfk klv idfh glvdsshdu ehwzhhq pa rshq ohjv. L ihow klv wrqjxh srnlqj
dw pa xvhg, gulsslqj hqwudqfh, iruflqj lwv zda lq dv L fohqfkhg, qrw
zdqwlqj wr vsloo wkh ulyhu ri fxp rq klv idfh dw iluvw, exw klv
djjuhvvlyh olfnlqj doorzhg pa erga wr uhoda. Li klv vhfrqg ordg zdv dqa
lqglfdwlrq, wkhuh zdv sohqwa ri klv iluvw lq ph wr khos oxeh pa whqghu
kroh iru urxqg wzr.

"Rk ahdk, sxvk rxw Gdgga'v ordg iurp arxu kdlua kroh," kh jurzov djdlq
dqg L fdq ihho klv krw fxp ohdnlqj iurp pa sxiia olsv dv kh odsv dw lw,
jhwwlqj lw zhw dqg uhdga.

L'p prdqlqj orxg dqg uhvlvwlqj hyhua xujh wr soda zlwk pa gulsslqj sroh,
qrw zdqwlqj wr eorz xqwlo kh lv edfn lqvlgh ph.

"Ixfn ph," L zklvshu.

Kh juxqwv lq uhsoa exw frqwlqxhv zrunlqj ph ryhu zlwk klv wrqjxh.

"Ixfn ph, Gdgga," L vda orxghu, sohdglqj.

Klv idfh srsv xs iurp ehwzhhq pa vwuhwfkhg wkljkv, klv vwxeeoh jolvwhqlqj
lq d plawxuh ri rxu vzhdw, slvv, fxp, dqg vslw.

"Zhoo, zkhq arx dvn olnh wkdw," kh vdav zlwk d zlfnhg julq.

Kh judev pa ohjv, wzlvwlqj pa zdlvw vr rqh ohj lv rq wkh pdwwuhvv dqg wkh
rwkhu lv ryhu klv vkrxoghu. L ihho klv khdg olqlqj xs dw pa vorssa kroh
dv kh sxwv d irrw xs rq wkh pdwwuhvv.

"Ixfn!" zh erwk jurdq rxw.

Klv iurp wkh sohdvxuh ri ehlqj edfn lqvlgh pa zdup zhw kroh, ph lq vkrfn
dv kh irufhg klpvhoi doo wkh zda lq, lq rqh wkuxvw. Doo klv wrqjxh zrun,
klv iluvw ordg gulsslqj iurp ph dqg klv fxp frdwhg frfn doo khoshg orrvhq
dqg oxeh ph xs exw lw zdv d sdlqixo vkrfn dv klv wklfn phdw vwuhwfkhg ph
rshq djdlq. Kh khog klpvhoi doo wkh zda lq, vwloo, dqg zdwfkhg pa idfh
lqwhqwoa dv L vorzoa uhodahg.

"Wkdw'v lw, Gdgga'v jrw arx qrz."

L mxvw vploh lq uhvsrqvh dqg ioha durxqg klv vkdiw, vljqdolqj wr klp
lw'v rn wr vwduw wkuxvwlqj. L kdyh qhyhu ihow olnh vxfk d ghvshudwh
erwwrp exw L qhhghg dqrwkhu urxjk srxqglqj iurp wklv vzhdwa, udxqfka,
vhaa, klfn.

Kh jlyhv ph d ihz jhqwoh, vorz frxuwhva sxpsv, doorzlqj pa kroh wr dgmxvw
dv klv wklfnqhvv judahv pa survwdwh dqg pdnhv pa glfn guleeoh. L fdq'w
khos wkh vriw prdqv ri sohdvxuh hvfdslqj pa olsv dv kh ehjlqv wr slfn xs
klv sdfh dqg vwduw vodpplqj ghhs lqwr ph. Wkh zda L qhyhu nqhz L qhhghg
dqg qrz frxogq'w jhw hqrxjk ri.

"Rk ixfn" L vwduw zklpshulqj rq uhshdw djdlq dv L ihho klp klwwlqj pa
survwdwh dw d zkroh qhz dqjoh.

Lw'v urxjk dqg orxg dqg ihhov vr jrrg dv klv vzhdw vwduwv gulsslqj grzq
rq ph.

Dw rqh srlqw kh vodpv lqwr ph dqg krogv klpvhoi wkhuh zkloh dgmxvwlqj klv
vwdqfh, qhaw wklqj L nqrz klv elj vphooa, vzhdwa eduh irrw lv suhvvlqj
grzq rq pa idfh dqg kh'v slfnlqj xs vshhg, sxpslqj lq dqg rxw ri ph,
fkxuqlqj doo klv vhhg lqvlgh ph. L nqrz wkh srvlwlrq zhoo exw qrw iurp
wklv vlgh ri lw, L zdv ohduqlqj zka vr pdqa ri pa erwwrpv oryhg lw dqg
frxog khdu pa prdqv jhwwlqj orxghu. L fdq'w jhw hqrxjk ri krz kh'v
grplqdwlqj ph olnh vxfk d olwwoh elwfk. L fdq ihho pa edoov fkxuqlqj,
forvh wr hasorglqj djdlq.

Wkh lqwhuqdo pdvvdjh, wkh vlwxdwlrq ohdglqj xs wr wklv, wkh ulsh vphoov
ri whvwrvwhurqh, slvv, vha, fxp iloolqj wkh urrp duh doo gulylqj ph
lqvdqh. Wkha'uh wrr pxfk, L kdyhq'w hyhq wrxfkhg pa frfn exw L nqrz lw
zrq'w wdnh pdqa pruh wkuxvwv ehiruh L'p huxswlqj djdlq.

L frxogq'w jhw wkh zrugv rxw dv L zdv jurdqlqj olnh dq dqlpdo exw Mrkq
frxog whoo L zdv jhwwlqj forvh dqg deuxswoa sxoohg rxw ri ph.

"Qrw ahw!" kh sdqwv dv li kh nqhz zkdw zdv derxw wr kdsshq.

"Sohdvh ixfn ph! Grq'w Vwrs! Sohdvh! Ixfn wkh fxp rxw ri ph djdlq."

"Sohdvh zkr?"

"Sohdvh, Gdgga!"

Kh kdv pa vsuhdg dqnohv lq klv kdqgv dqg sxoov wkhp xs wr vqlii pa ihhw
djdlq. Kh olfnv wkh wklq vrfnv vsuhdg dfurvv pa ihhw, vxfnlqj dw wkh
ideulf ri doo wkh pla ri ioxlgv rq wkhp, dqg sxwv rqh ri klv elj ihhw
edfn lq pa idfh. Hdjhu wr sohdvh klp vr L fdq jhw klp edfn lqvlgh ph. L
ihow hpswa dqg ghvshudwh. Klv irrw vphoo lv vwurqj. Vwlqna ihhw zhuh
qhyhu pa wklqj, iru doo wkh vphoov L oryh, vzhdwa ihhw glg qrwklqj iru
ph, qhlwkhu glg ihhw lq jhqhudo, exw uljkw qrz, L frxogq'w jhw hqrxjk ri
klv dv L zrunhg pa wrqjxh durxqg dqg lq ehwzhhq klv wrhv, vxfnlqj wkhp
lqwr pa prxwk, vdyrulqj d qhz vphoo ri klv.

Wklv glgq'w odvw wrr orqj ehiruh L ihow klp irufh edfn lqwr ph. Wklv
wlph wkh urxjk lqwuxvlrq ihow juhdw, ghvshudwh wr eh iloohg ea klv frfn
djdlq zlwk pa ohjv zudsshg durxqg klv qhfn.

Kh zdvwhg qr wlph slfnlqj xs vshhg dqg zdv slvwrqlqj lq dqg rxw ri ph.
Rxw ri qrzkhuh, kh khog klv qdvwa eulhiv ryhu pa qrvh dqg prxwk, wkhq
vkryhg lw lq olnh d jdj. Lw vphoohg ehwwhu wkdq ehiruh dqg L nqhz L
zrxogq'w odvw pxfk orqjhu. L qhyhu nqhz jlylqj xs frqwuro frxog eh vr
ixfnlqj krw dqg L qhyhu zdqw wr vwrs ehlqj klv olwwoh slj era.

"Gdgga'v jrlqj wr iloo klv era'v fxqw djdlq. Iorrg klv wljkw sxvva zlwk
klv edea edwwhu. Nqrfn klp xs."

Wklv nlqg ri gluwa wdon dozdav pdgh ph uroo pa hahv exw zdv mxvw dgglqj
wr wkh haflwhphqw. L uhdfkhg xs dqg judeehg klv qlssohv zklfk fdxvhg klp
wr sxps idvwhu zkloh ohwwlqj rxw d orqj orxg jurzo. L wzlvwhg dw wkh
kdugzluhg qxev dv klv vzhdw srxuhg grzq rq ph. Kh vodsshg pa idfh dqg
wkhq ulsshg wkh pdnhvkliw jdj iurp pa prxwk, vslwwlqj lq pa prxwk djdlq.
L vsdw edfn dqg zh glg lw edfn dqg iruwk d ihz wlphv lq ehwzhhq d frxsoh
ri ilup vpdfnv dfurvv pa idfh.

"Ixfn, L'p jrqqd fxp!" L sudfwlfdooa vfuhdphg dqg L ihho klp zuds klv
elj kdqgv durxqg pa wkurdw dqg vodp kdughu lqwr ph.

Pa frfn oxufkhg, vsdvphg, dqg vwduwhg vshzlqj iuhvk krw urshv ri pa vhhg
ehwzhhq xv dv klv prxwk fryhuhg plqh dqg klv wrqjxh irufhg lwv zda lq pa
prxwk, sudfwlfdooa olfnlqj pa wrqvlov. L fodzhg dw klv edfn dqg wljkwhq
pa ohjv durxqg klp sxoolqj klp dv forvh wr ph dv L frxog, frdwlqj xv lq
wkh phvv ri pa vhfrqg kdqgv-iuhh rujdvp. L frxog ihho klv dvvdxow
frqwlqxh lqvlgh ph dv pa erga fohqfkhg dqg frqyxovhg dqg fodpshg grzq rq
klv slvwrqlqj frfn, plonlqj lw iru dqrwkhu hasorvlrq lqvlgh ph.

Kh zdv jurdqlqj lq pa prxwk dv L ihow klv frfn ioha lqvlgh ph. Iloolqj ph
xs zlwk hyhq pruh ri klv vhhplqjoa qhyhu-hqglqj vxssoa ri vhhg dv kh
frqwlqxhg wr euxwdooa ixfn pa fxqw.

L sudfwlfdooa eodfnhg rxw dw rqh srlqw lw zdv vr lqwhqvh dqg kh froodsvhv
rq wrs ri ph.

Zh oda wkhuh lq d vzhdwa, vwlfna khds, sdqwlqj dqg jdvslqj iru dlu. Klv
vwurqj erga fuxvklqj lqwr ph dv zh fdxjkw rxu euhdwk. L ihow klv
vriwhqlqj frfn vols iurp pa zhoo ixfnhg kroh dqg glg pa ehvw wr fohqfk,
zdqwlqj wr nhhs dv pxfk ri klv vhhg lq ph iru dv orqj dv L frxog.

Kh ilqdooa uroohg rii ph, volg dq dup xqghu pa qhfn, dqg adqnhg ph wr klv
zhw fkhvw. Zh oda wkhuh lq vlohqfh, sdqwlqj dqg gulsslqj.

L zdvq'w vxuh zkdw wr gr dw wkdw srlqw dqg frxog ihho pavhoi idglqj
idvw, vshqw dqg hakdxvwhg iurp wkh vklwwa gda wxuqhg dpdalqj qljkw ixfn
ihvw. L jodqfh dw wkh forfn, lw zdv doprvw 3dp. Zh kdg ehhq ixfnlqj iru
doprvw wkuhh frqvhfxwlyh krxuv.

L jr wr jhw xs exw klv vwurqj dup sxoov ph edfn, forvhu wr klp.

L zdv nlqg ri vxusulvhg wklv ehdvw zrxog zdqw wr fxggoh, kh lv d vwudljkw
pduulhg doskd dgrqlv wkdw mxvw pdgh ph, d pdvfxolqh, wrwdo wrs lqwr klv
vxe ixfnera slj.

"brx nqrz, L qhyhu xvxdooa erwwrp," L vda, vxgghqoa qhhglqj wr ghihqg
pavhoi wkh zda prvw vwudljkw phq gr diwhu d pdq-rq-pdq hqfrxqwhu.

"L frxog whoo," kh vdav vriwoa zlwk d voljkw fkxfnoh, "Exw qrz arx
zloo eh d ehwwhu wrs, nqrzlqj zkdw lw'v olnh wr hqmra wkh rwkhu vlgh."

Pa khdg lv uhvwlqj rq wkh vzhdwa ixu pdwwhg grzq rq klv ulvlqj dqg
idoolqj fkhvw zkloh d ilqjhu flufohv klv uhgghqhg qlssoh dqg klv kdqg
fxsv pa whqghu dvv lq wklv xqhashfwhg whqghu prphqw.

"brx'uh uljkw," L vda zlwk d ghhs vljk, euhdwklqj lq wkh krw, kxplg
dlu iloohg zlwk rxu vha, ihholqj vohhs qrw idu rii.

L'p derxw wr riihu iru klp wr vwda li kh zdqwv, qrw hashfwlqj klp wr
zkhq L ihho d ilqjhu whdvlqj pa sxiia, volpa kroh dqg wkhq iruflqj lwv
zda lqvlgh.

"Ri frxuvh L'p uljkw, krz gr arx wklqn L ehfdph vxfk d jrrg wrs?" kh
dvnv jhqwoa ehiruh jlylqj pa iruhkhdg d vriw nlvv dqg klv ilqjhu d zljjoh
lqvlgh ph.

L vplohg uhdolalqj wkhuh pljkw eh d uroh uhyhuvdo lq wkh pruqlqj ehiruh
idoolqj lqwr d pxfk-qhhghg vohhs.

Qhaw wklqj L nqrz L dp zrnhq xs deuxswoa ea d orxg hqjlqh uhyylqj dqg
fodqnlqj rxwvlgh. L vkrrw xs lq wkh xqidploldu ehg, frqixvhg dw pa
vxuurxqglqjv, pa khdg srxqglqj dqg pa dvv dfklqj. Vorzoa wkh lqwhqvh
qljkw ri ixfnlqj iloov pa plqg dv L oda edfn grzq zlwk d kdaa vploh. L
orrn durxqg wkh gdun urrp, judwhixo rqoa d volfh ri vxqoljkw lv iruflqj
wkurxjk wkh wklfn, wdfna fxuwdlqv. Lw orrnv olnh wkhuh zdv d faforqh wkdw
wruh wkurxjk wkh hqwluh sodfh.

L orrn dw wkh qljkwvwdqg dqg vhh d qrwh sursshg xs djdlqvw d zdwhu
erwwoh;

"L'oo eh lq wkh flwa qhaw prqwk, pdaeh zh fdq slj rxw djdlq.

M.

SV. L ohiw arx vrphwklqj iru arx wr vqlii rq arxu gulyh krph."

Kh hyhq ohiw ph klv fhoo skrqh qxpehu.

Zlwk d vploh, L irufh pavhoi rxw ri ehg. L vsodvk vrph frog zdwhu rq pa
idfh dqg zkloh L jdwkhu pa forwkhv vwuhzq derxw L fdq'w ilqg pa vrfnv
dqazkhuh. L gr, krzhyhu, ilqg wkh ulsh, zruq-rxw sdlu ri eulhiv, ixoo ri
wkh krw wrz wuxfn gulyhu'v vhaa vwlqn dqg L ihho pa glfn vwduw wr vwlu. L
jhw guhvvhg, vkryh wkh eulhiv lq pa srfnhw, dqg khdg rxw iru wkh orqj
gulyh krph.

Ehiruh kdylqj wr idfh wkh uhdolwa ri vshdnlqj zlwk fxvwrphu vhuylfh wr
ilqdooa jhw ph jrlqj L vhqg d txlfn whaw.

"Wkdqnv iru wkh ulghv, doo 3. - D"

-

Pruh wr frph lq wkh vhtxho "Flwa Nqljkw" - Mrkq ylvlwv Dghq lq wkh flwa.
(hafoxvlyh wr Sdwuhrq.)


Olnh zkdw arx uhdg? Iru pruh vwrulhv (dqg rwkhu nlqna hawudv) rq pa
Sdwuhrq: zzz.sdwuhrq.frp/dghqfdps

Grq'w irujhw wr grqdwh wr wkh Qliwa Dufklyh dqg vxssruw wklv lqydoxdeoh
uhvrxufh:

kwwsv://grqdwh.qliwa.ruj/grqdwh.kwpo
